3019010

First of
all, let me say I realized how difficult playing these kind of games is for me,
as I have never played video games. I played the game three times and always
failed the third level. I found it especially difficult to keep an oversight,
react fast enough and make informed decisions. Often I just found myself wildly
clicking around. I many times found myself unsure what to do and just did
something. I did not always fully understood the impact of my actions during
the game. 

In the
first round I did not realize how important knowledge was. I felt I could not
change the course of these comets anyway and therefore did not pay them much
attention. It was only in the second round that I realized I was rewarded for
watching them. While in the first round I focused a lot on constructing and
raising the level of that island (protection), I did not have enough money left
for the most expensive insurance level. Therefore I only made it to level 2. In
the second round I did better, I still had money left in round 3 and lots of
buildings, but also failed, not due to the damage done by a comet (I was fully
insured), but due to being in the red level. I invested so much in protection and insurance but did not realize I also had to invest in development in order to succeed in the game. 

When
watching an approaching comet, with a high potential to hit, I was unsure what
to do. My buildings were already fully insured, I had raised the level of the
island, so all I could do was watch these comets and hope for the best. 

I feel I
still have not fully grasped how to deal with comets, apart from buying an
insurance for the damage they cause. But after three attempts I gave up on
reaching a higher level. I have not cared much about risk management in my
personal life so far. This is reflected in the poor outcome of this game. I
feel I should pay more attention to the different aspects of risk management in
the future. Actually I am a bit shocked how realistic outcomes a simple game
like this one has. Let me give you an example: I know that I will only receive
a very small pension (knowledge). But I am unsure, what to do with this
knowledge and score poorly in terms of protection (any ideas?) and insurance
(which I feel I cannot afford). Food for thoughtâ€¦Lessons learned for future rounds of the game: Watch the comets more intensely, get the highest insurance possible but don't forget to invest in development at the same time. 

Unfortunately
I have difficulties answering question 3. I live in a developed country with a
strong social net. The only aspect that might be missing, but is difficult to
quantify is social networks, the human factor. How can those informal networks
support risk management? How can working together and sharing resources and
information help each other to be more resilient when shocks occur? 

