4039515

The goal of
the Risk Horizon game was to find out how to manage risk and opportunity.
During level 1, I focused mainly on protection and neglected developing my own
community. Investing in too much protection measures led to less development. On
the next level, I tried to focus on knowledge, i. e. learning more about the
comets and thus preventing to be hit or finding out when my community would or
would not get hit. I mostly neglected the insurance factor. Insurance played a
major role when getting hit or when being hit by a severe comet. This led me to
the conclusion that protection (in the right measure) leads to less damage and
less investment afterwards. It is more cost effective if purchased in the right
moment. Also, the “communication part” after being hit by the comet played a
major role in protecting the community or in reducing the effects of the
catastrophe.

 

I played
the game several times. It was interesting to find out the importance of the
different tools: preparation, insurance and knowledge. After a few times I
realized that not every comet is the same, thus focusing also on
severity/chance of getting hit and thus adapting my strategies. 

This left
me more resources for community development, which I still tended to neglect. 

 

It is difficult
to propose a small change in the game because it is far away from the reality I
live in. Living in Central Europe, the chances to be hit by a severe natural
disaster are relatively low (fortunately!). For managing risk here, it is
important to have a broad knowledge and to reduce the information asymmetry which
is a result of having too little knowledge. I think that the importance of
knowledge has been given enough space in the game. One aspect that hasn’t been
clear to me was the “point bar” on the left hand side. It was hard to find out
when precedence was given to the three aspects. This made it difficult,
especially after level 4, to handle the different points. 