4917691

The role of risk management in this particular scenario was
to develop a space nation’s pods while mitigating the risk of comets. There are
3 ways to do so, namely was by either protecting the settlement by raising it
on a platform, purchasing insurance, or by upgrading pods in order to get a
greater amount of return. Knowledge on how each of these mechanisms performed
was crucial to certain choices. For example, in the initial stages, it was
imperative to sink a significant portion of capital in to insurance and
protection in order to protect whatever little pods were present (just 2 or 3).
However, care need to taken to not overdo this as low wealth can be crippling
to development. Next, it became clear that the focus shifted to the actual
construction of pods and their development. It seemed more prudent to upgrade
all pods to certain stage before moving on in order to prevent disparity.
Additionally, the balance between insurance and protection played a key factor.
As time progressed, it was apparent that although a certain level of protection
was required, a medium level (about 5 to 6 bars) was sufficient to mitigate
damage by pairing with the highest level of insurance. This optimization allows
for the cheapest repairs though protection needed to maintained at 6 bars
consistently in the event of a meteor strike. 
And finally, knowing which type of comet was going to strike was very
important. Comets with low damage and low probability could effectively be
ignored, while those with medium to high damage required the most attention, regardless of probability. Patterns start to arise once the game is played
multiple times. For example, with an impending strike of 2 or more comets
consecutively, it was more prudent to repair immediately after the first strike
at earlier stages (when protection was lower) otherwise there might not have
been any pods to repair at all. But once protection was sufficient, repairs
may be handled after the second strike in order to reduce costs. The game
serves to teach that knowledge is most important and that a certain balance of
insurance and protection are extremely important (having only one or the other
is not sufficient to mitigate all of the risk). Also having connections were
important too, though having a smaller impact. I would change the connection
mechanism within the game. Perhaps this element could be made to better reflect
how international organizations or NGOs provide relief. It could be done in
such a way that certain agreements or tasks have to be satisfied (for overall
cooperation or peace) for this separate entity to assist in the recovery of the settlement.