6043398

1) The game
of world of Alora is a simple game in where the philosophy of the game is based
on protect an island of the invasion of kites, the action to continue is build
and improve their pods is a joint activity in real time in order of master the
game has a measure of protection to ensure defense against comets this must
match the gravity of a comet that hitting. I played the first part of the game
to know how to play it, but I not spent of there. I not kept trying, for my
limitations of using the internet. Also I looked at the tutorial to so
understand it a little better.2) If I had
the chance to play again, I would do it for know all the phases of game, I like
this type of game, because we can activate our skills to employ strategies and
achieve the goal.What I've
learned from the game is the creation of strategies for defense in a danger
situation and the work to get to the goal in a period of time.3) Risk
management in the place in where I live, I would like the rulers of my country
they believe efficient plans to improve the economy, we need to produce more
goods, we have fertile land, in where we can develop a large economic center to
we can meet our own needs and in a not too distant future we can export our
goods, to guarantee social welfare and providing more jobs and so we would have
a more productive country.The rulers
of my country are aware of this problematic, but sometimes I think it is easier
for them, the import of goods, that the country can produce their goods for the
population, I think they are falling into a big mistake. Currently in my
country Venezuela we are living in an economic contraction, the basic basket of
households Venezuelans is being affected some time ago, the shortage of food on
the shelves can be seen on supermarkets due to low production of these goods in
the country. Unemployment is very high, this way I can demonstrate a lack in
distribution of goods in all areas: food, medicine, household cleaning, etc.We have a
currency devaluation, entrepreneurs to acquire their foreign exchange for
developing the production of their products is very high every day, that also
partly justifies the low production of the little that we produce, the closure
of some companies, low vacancy, insecurity, the poor public services, many
negative things I can point out but remain hopeful that very soon this bad
situation will change and the Venezuelan population find it the solution to
their problems, we must all work together for the good of the whole country.The game is
meant to make us see the risk, how to act to defend of our territory before a
threat or problem and we take the opportunities, we working to achieve the
goal. Teamwork is the engine to drive the creation of solutions and we have the
time to see the results.I think we
should start from the communities and rulers let you know that we are ready to
produce and create solutions and we need of them to that we provide us with the
support that we need so achieve results that be consolidate over time.















The
strategies that we take of risks and possible solutions to the problems we have
in my country, all we need is in the philosophy game of world of Alora and
creativity on our part to we can achieve the goal.