6043210

1. Role of risk management

The role of
risk management was to try to protect the community of Alora from the risks
they confronted because of an array of falling planets of various sizes with
different degrees of destruction and probabilities to hit Alora. The game took
me many tries to understand the role and influence that knowledge, protection
and insurance play in protecting the site. Preparation for risk took me some
time to identify and select which protection components had priority or added
more value against the damage severity of falling planets.

Knowledge
acquired through observation of damage parameters, severity and probability of
hit came through continuous research and playing with protection by developing
land and upgrading houses and insurance originated a continuous challenge in
decision making so that the game asked you for trade-offs between protection -
land and houses upgrading and site elevation- and insurance which I did not
always understand to what extent insurance played in your favour or against.

After several
tries, I understood the way to run for repairing and diminishing damage while
the clock was counting down to cero.



2. Things/lessons learned. From the
many tries I did, I used different strategies: from buying one plot and
upgrading, securing and elevating it meanwhile searching planes in an orderly
manner, following the first that appear up to splash, to buying two or three
plots at once, upgrading them the most I could while monitoring planets,
purchasing insurance and finally elevating the site. I also changed decision order
and first selected elevation, then followed alternatively the planets,
discarding the ones that apparently were the less harming of likely to hit,
elevating land and purchasing insurance when facing to a highly damaging
planet. Results improved somehow but not to the extent that I could progress
beyond level two.



3. What changes I would propose.As for
the game, what I would change at first instance, is giving the player the
possibility to start from the last level progressed so that she could learn
from the new menacing and harmful planets. I also would limit the time for the
player to progress, time x play x number of levels.

The place
where I live, a developed country, fortunately is not prone to many natural
disasters. Occasionally floods and fires cause damage but the government and
insurance companies have the economic resources to face them and keep people
safe and adequately protected. 

Â 

