6133523

The role of risk management was immense for the game. The
game centered around managing funds which needed to go into both development
and risk management. One would need to devote most of their resources toward
development to meet the goals assigned by the game but to also defend against
the attacks with either preparation i.e. protection or coping i.e. insurance. It
reflects risk management in real life by putting development thresholds that
need to be surpassed instead of focusing purely on the risk itself. As in real
life when economic and social development are put first. Whilst playing the
game I was confronted by multiple trade-offs. I had decided to follow the
advice of the course instructors and sought active risk management in this case
increasing protection to the level necessary to protect the pods. Risk
preparation immediately affected development by restricting the funds necessary
to build or upgrade pods. 

            I played
the game two times. The first time I played I bought insurance while the second
time I did not. I actually spent less on knowledge but more on developing the
pods. The development goals were rather demanding and required the lion’s share
of resources just as in real life. The main things I learned from the game were
that only near maximization of resources would be sufficient to meet
development goals while at the same time defending against crises. Careful
planning is also required. Knowledge is also important for actively preventing
crises. 

            If I were
to change one thing about the game it would be to increase uncertainty.
Uncertainty about both the resources put into development and the crises
themselves. As stated in the lectures a primary reason actors put too little
resources into risk management is that crises are relatively few and far
between in most parts of the world. For example in my country, Mongolia natural
disasters and social upheaval (although economic crises are common) are very
uncommon leading policymakers and individuals to assume that risk is
nonexistent or far into the future. In addition to this many times resources
put towards development never achieve their stated goals be it corruption,
mismanagement, or environmental factors. If the game had much more uncertainty
in resource investment in both protection and uncertainty about the crises it
would be more realistic. For example protection being needed less and
development having a chance of failing. Oftentimes even the most well planned out programs fail due to mismanagement or corruption in the operational level. 

            