6715673

1.      
With
the aim of developing the community, the role of risk management in the game
was to combine the capacity to prepare in advance for possible shocks (comets
hitting Alora) and the ability to cope with the effects of them (waves
affecting the pods). 

Due to limited time and resources, the
risk manager had to choose between investing in research in order to diminish
uncertainty, investing in protection in order to be prepared in case of risk
occurs, or contracting an insurance to make easier the recovery, in terms of
economic resources.

As proved in the game, preparation
for risk has a great effect on development. Thanks to the investment in
research, the risk manager is able to diminish uncertainty on the direction of
the comets and being able to prepare a response. If the population is protected
against the risk, that is, the land is elevated, the shock of the comet has a
lower effect on the buildings. At last, the insurance diminishes the effort needed
for a quick recovery. 

2.      
The
second time I played the game I took more into account the importance of
knowledge. I discovered it is an important tool to optimize the use of limited
resources. By knowing the probability of getting hit, the decision between
investing in protection or investing in new development/buildings can be made
according to forecasts.

3.      
If
I had the opportunity to add new features to the game, I would introduce the
role of incentives. This could be done by including more than one agent in the
game, for example, a lobby of Fishermen who do not want to elevate the land
level. The Fishermen would be a new agent with new objectives and will also be powerful to influence the Public Agent. The Public Agent would be in charge of risk management and would have to treat with the loby of Fishermen and at the same time seek for development and try to diminish risks of comet shocks. 