6869683

Risk
management played a key role in the game ‘Risk Horizon’. The game illuminated
the practical aspect of risk management strategies in the idealistic town with
the aim of the objective of balancing the risk preparations and potential
development. In order to maintain the balance between the same, several trade
offs were faced along with managing the finance for risk management, protection
from shocks, insurance and development of the community. The limited financial
resources called for their distribution in an economical and efficient way. The
powers of research, protection and insurance were the components without which
risk could not be managed and ultimately would have resulted in greater loss
due to disaster. Difficult trade offs were experienced especially the one
between investing in development and in protection. In order to protect the
community from the disaster and the following loss, protection was extremely
necessary. The insurance helped in reducing the extent of damage caused as the
insurance companies provide with aid to repair. Thus these activities involved
in risk management did affect the development by reducing its pace. Development
of community stagnated for a while when the finance was being used for
protection and insurance. However, the development did not show any depleted
trend.

I played the
game thrice. Loosing the game taught me the importance of development within
the time frame. Along with the protection and insurance level, keeping an eye
on the development level was very necessary. Thus, by taking this factor in
account I accomplished three levels and reached fourth. The game taught the
essentials of developing a community with keeping every aspect in mind
particularly the risk management for the potential danger that could impart
great loss. The game was self explanatory which was its best quality with a
good difficulty level that showed the strategies of risk management require
both time and money. If tasked with development of new version of the game I
would like to add up some more risk management strategies apart from insurance
and protection. Migration of the people living in the community to safer areas
when the warning is declared – is a component important to risk management.
Also, improving the after damage aid will provide a commendable assistance. 

Finally, the
experience illuminated and taught the significance of risk management in
developing and under developed areas. 

 