7471116

I
played the game twice, but I couldn't get past level one. The object of
the game was that you had to build your buildings and watch out for
comets which could potentially damage your buildings. In order to
prepare for risks you had to protect your buildings by raising your
city up and buying insurance in case damaged was taken. Because I
only had so much money, both times I played I sacrificed building so
that I could protect the couple of buildings I did have. You could
research each comet to evaluate the threat, which helped some. But no
sooner was I past a minor threat, when a bigger threat showed up. An
actual hit put me back financially and slowed me down from being able
to build more. The first time I played I felt that insurance that
offered 50% coverage would suffice, but when more dangerous comets
appeared I found I needed more insurance. I had four or five
buildings that time, but I lost really quickly. Only three of my
buildings were upgraded. The second time I played, I purchased the
75% coverage right off the bat, but that then decreased my money
right in the beginning. I could only build three buildings, and I
think I might have upgraded one. All this is done against a timer,
which I pretty much negated, since I couldn't really survive the
comets, anyway. There's a specific balance needed in order to build
your city, as well as protect it, and then insure it on top of that.
I think I could achieve that, but it will take another couple of
tries. I think one change that could be made that would help the game
better represent real life would be to take into account the
individual buildings. Currently in the game, if there was damage from
a comet, I could quickly just repair it before the next comet (I
tried to always save money for repairs, if nothing else). With
individuals to take into account, there's then the possibility that
the people in one building wouldn't be able to make the necessary
repairs before the next comet. If previous comet damage, or any other
unrelated expensive decision, left the family too broke that they
couldn't make the repairs in time, I could end up just losing my
buildings. In other words, make it so that I send the money for
repairs to the building, instead of just directly making repairs.
Then, put in a time limit for how long it takes for a building to
repair. Some buildings will get repaired, but one or two will take
longer, and so you have to work harder to protect the town. This
would be an annoying change, however. Although I support people
having their freedoms to make their own decisions, it would be really
frustrating if you had to sit their and watch people not be prepared
for a potential disaster, especially when you are trying everything
you can to protect them.Â 