7508603

To be
honest at first I did not quite see the relation the game may have with risk
management but as I kept playing (and loosing) I realized that in order to have
an adequate risk management all three items (Protection, Research and
Insurance) must be aligned.

My initial strategy
was to build great protection so that it was not necessary to acquire
insurance, but as it ended all my resources, I realized that sometimes it is
not required to have all the protection but that it is fine to share the risk
by acquiring insurance. For the first and second level I did not purchase the
insurance because thanks to my protection measures it was not necessary but as
levels went by it became almost impossible to be completely protected and that
was when insurance became an important asset in order to focus on productivity
and not only on protection. After that, I started building pods to obtain enough
resources to pass each level and thanks to research I determined whether
insurance was indispensable or not; if so I kept enough resources to acquire
it, but if it was not I did not buy it.

If I could
change one thing, it would be to give more importance to the research tool. If
a comet is researched well enough it should not decrease the protection bar
when it hits the sea, it should enhance or at least maintain the protection
that has already been created.

Although it
seems like a simple game, it involves so many aspects that when put in real
life circumstances it shows how the effective risk management is quite a
challenge and therefore I have come to admire the people who work hard on such
policies that benefits us all. It was also evident that insurance is an
excellent way to pass along the risk that cannot be sort, but when creating
preventing measures it is also a way to avoid incurring extra costs.Â 