8048286

Risk management played
a very important role in this game. This game showed us that shocks, such as
the comet in the game, are sudden and inevitable. Therefore, preparing for
these potential shocks is only possible through effective management of risk. A
combination of research, protection and insurance is the key to avoiding the
horrifying effects of the shocks that take place in our community. The trade
off that was being faced during the course of the game was between the money we
had with us and the expenditure required for the development of the community. 

If I played the game
only once, and if I were to play it again, I would build less number of pods
and upgrade the existing pods. I would also spend more on research and
insurance so as to protect the community from the comets, or as we call it,
shocks. When I played the game for the second time, this is what I did
differently from the first time. The main thing I learnt from the game was that
striking a balance between developing your community and preparing for various
shocks is a tough task. The limited resources we have force us to face a trade
off. 

This game was equally
challenging and educative. It helps us understand how risks can be avoided or
minimised through effective planning. Using protection helped us raised the
land and therefore, avoid the floods. In the same way, we must use protection
to save our communities from potential shocks. Prevention is always better than
cure so we must use research in the best way possible and use that knowledge to
overcome the various milestones. Though the purchase of insurance and the
expenditure on research is considerably high, the result of their use is worth
much more than the cost incurred. 

If I was given the
chance to modify the game, I would provide more scope for upgrading and
developing the community. Instead of just upgrading the pods, I would give a
provision of multiplying the pods as the game progresses. So even in case of a
severe shock, the whole community does not get wiped out. Even if 75% of the community
is damaged, the rest 25% should be able to help recover the losses. Instead of
depending only on insurance, the community as well should help recovering from
the shock. According to me, this seems to be more realistic to the real life
situations we face. Â 