8142056

Risk management is
a continuing process of identification, assessment, and prioritization
of risks, followed by coordinated application of resources to curtail,
monitor, and control the probability and/or impact of unfortunate
events or to maximize the realization of opportunities. In this game, my
understanding of the concept Risk Management helped identify the possible risks
the comets posed to the community am developing and I was able to put necessary
machineries in place to mitigate the impact of the comet strikes on my efforts,
which of course were unavoidable. At the beginning I invested on research and
then went ahead to purchase insurance. I also built up on my protection, 

I
played the game several times, and was almost giving up; eventually I gave up
at level 2 and submitted. I think one thing that contributed to my finally
winning level 2 was that I eventually learnt to put more effort into building
protection for my community to cushion the effect of a strike. Main things I
learnt from the game include

1.      
Protecting
the community is very useful, though can be expensive, and often times the law
of diminishing return sets in because the more the community rises, the more
expensive protection becomes. 

2.      
At
the beginning, my focus was ensuring that comets did not hit me and cause a
shock, but I learnt, through the game that not all shocks can be prevented, and
so I needed to develop coping actions, and some of the actions I took included
updating my knowledge through investing in research, building my protection
base and buying insurance.

Changes
I would propose to better represent the risk management choices that matter in
the place I live include, amongst others, because of the peculiarity of where I
come from:

1.      
Emphasise
more on protection ‘

2.      
Incorporate
early warning and early and early response measures into risk management
choices.