8248341

The role of risk
management in this Risk Horizon Game is to gain as much total capital as you
can to win the game by building up, constructing the houses and at the same
time protecting the houses being attacked by the comets which have their own
special information / knowledge by leveling up the ground level, and reducing
the loss by buying proper insurance. 

The ways the preparation
for risk affected developments are as follows: firstly it reduces the loss to
the minimum when you buy insurance in advance since insurance would cover part
of your loss. Secondly, you can get capital increased by taking the good chance
of making investment which includes your knowledge to the object or project
that you are invest in, and your knowledge towards the risk such as the
influence the risk brings. Last but not least, when you prepare for the risk, actually
you are making protection towards the risk in advance. And the way you can
increase your strength or power in protection is the knowledge which provides
you with the correct decision you can make when carrying out protection
actions.

I would say that Risk
Horizon is really an interesting game. I played it for three times in all, and
the last time I completed all the six levels. The first two times I played the
game, I just followed the way I thought that was sure to win. But I failed at
either not enough total capital or too much money left in insurance which I
didn’t need at all. So I concluded myself and followed tutorial again to see if
I missed any important information. Then I found that the button at the right
bottom corner actually played a quite important role in the whole game because
it acts as the protection against severity brought by comet. Besides, I found
out it was very important and necessary to read the information about the comet
of their severity, possibility to influence, and the longer to read these
information, the more knowledge you have and the more experience you will get,
which can no doubt positively reduce the risk. 

After refreshing
my knowledge about this game, I adjusted my strategy. Building as many houses
as I can at the first level is not my first goal, because the first and most
important thing I needed to do is to increase my protection level. Firstly when
I have some capital, I invest some to build new houses to increase my capital;
secondly, I increase the protection strength, when the comet appeared, I read
its information at once to get the knowledge of if it is necessary to keep trace
of this comet, or how much protection power I need to prepare for its attack;
at last, when I reached the level which means I had enough capital, I spend
some of money on insurance just in case of uncertainties. 

In all, what I
have learned from the game is not only gain more experience from the previous
failure to adjust the strategy, but also the steps or importance of the
elements of risk management: knowledge, protection, insurance, which can be
definitely used in the cases in the later of life or business career. 

As for the
improvement of this game, I would add some information or explanation about
insurance, because for me, I don’t quite understand why and when and how much
do I need to prepare insurance. What I did is to buy the insurance according to
my protection level and the feeling of the chance of comets hitting the land.

 

