856562

 

The role of risk management in this game was in the decision
of whether or not to proactively protect your assets. There were many possible
trade-offs in this game, the first being money. There were two ways to spend
money in this game: one could upgrade their machines, which is analogous to
investing more for immediate gain, or one could spend money on insurance, which
is analogous to investing for protection. A good risk management strategy would
be to spend enough money to reach the money need in the allocated time, and
spend the rest on insurance. Insurance is vital in this game because damaged
assets do not produce as much money as fully functional assets, potentially
leading to a trivial, insufficient cash flow. Another trade-off that involved
money was the raising of the platform. During this time, one’s cash flow was
significantly diminished, meaning one had to make the trade-off between
protection of assets and income. The ideal solution would be to raise the
platform for the least amount of time possible while still gaining money
overall. This trade-off was the most apparent one in the game. The preparation
for risk, in both of the methods described above, affected the development of
the game mainly because if one invested too little money in protection of
assets, he or she would lose a huge amount in the case of a water flood. The
risk was not certain – the meteors could miss. However, the risk and the
preparation for a potential impact forced me into a particularly investing play
style. As a result, as my game and plots developed, my cash flow was rather
low. I only played the game once. However, if I were to play again, I would
definitely not spend so much time raising the platform for safety. I
underestimated the benefit of insurance, and as a result I would spend well
more than half of every level trying to raise the platform, all in an attempt
to avoid paying insurance. On the fourth level, I was not able to meet the
income requirement in the given time because too much of my time was spent
trying to protect myself. There is a fine balance between spending so much in
protection you’re losing money and spending so little that a meteor strike
would devastate you. My main goal in a second playing of this game would be to
better find this balance.  If I could
redesign this game, one additional feature I would be sure to add would be to
somehow integrate the placement of the structures with the damage caused to
them. This way, it would be possible to manage risk with varying levels for
different structures, adding a much more strategic element to the game. For
example, one could invest much less in an area he or she knows is prone to
water flooding, and invest much more in a structure that is more resilient.
This would lead to a more predictable cash flow. One change that would apply to
the region in which I live would be random machine breakdowns. This would add a
whole new aspect of risk management to the game, because one would need to
always be prepared for a machine failure. This would require employing
professional help, or paying for more insurance to cover the cost. This would
be different from the risk management already incorporated into the game
because it is impossible to gauge the likeliness and impact of a machine
failure. Therefore, it would require much smarter and much more proactive approaches
to risk management to optimize income. 