953949

As I started playing the game, I
found difficult to move up to higher levels and did not fully grasp the
connection between the game and risk management. At first, I decided not to
build many pods and get the highest level of insurance that I could afford. I
kept losing and felt discouraged. Trial after trial, I began to realize that to
advance to the next level I needed a delicate balance and a thoughtful strategy.
Risk management is not about getting insurance and hoping for the best but a
holistic approach. I needed to understand what is that I am protecting, what
elements are threatening my environment, and what resources I have at my
disposal to protect and mitigate but also have the vision to translate those
risk into opportunities. 

The more I played, the better
understanding I acquired about which strategy worked. Getting full insurance
coverage without proper research was a waste of resources. The best protection
was achieved when I was able to match the impact of the risk and the level of
insurance needed. Also, having a limited number of pods without development was
a lack of vision for long time horizons and it felt as if waiting for a
catastrophe to happen. I needed to be proactive and pursue research and
development. Finally, I underestimated the power of the communityâ€™s
collaboration and resilience. The more the community was involved, the better
they were prepared to respond. The sense of inclusion and active participation
helped the community to take responsibility and be prepared.The game achieves a great sense of
what risk management might involve. It is not an easy task to accommodate
resources to the right places and promote inclusion and accountability within
government and citizens. I live in New York, and we had experienced different
kind of shocks that had tested the level of preparedness and response. During
9-11, the devastation in lower Manhattan left our eyes with disbelief and our
hearts broken with the loss of so many. The 2008 financial crisis shattered our
economy leaving thousands unemployed, homeless, and without savings. Lastly,
superstorm Sandy wiped out entire communities leaving only debris. I think that
revisiting our history help us to assess our strengths and weaknesses and place
a risk management strategy that makes sense to our community and resources.

For instance, coping with these
disasters left inefficiencies exposed but gave us the opportunity to witness
the resilience of a community and the heroic level of support and response from
every corner of our neighborhoods. There is so much to be considered and be
implemented for the future of risk management in our city. Mitigation and
response comes from different parts of the city and government. The lack of
communication among entities makes difficult to provide help and double-checking
with procedures, entities, and legislations is wasting resources. It will be worth
considering a strategy where better channels of communications are implemented
among agencies and support to victims and families is provided without much
bureaucracy. It is important to assess and take new levels of responsibility to
endure what will be coming as we feel the effects of global warming and perhaps
new threats that will challenge our better judgment and instinct of survival.